#summary Configuring the doclet project
#labels doclet

= Table of Contents =

  # Checkout the project
  # Add tools.jar to your Java Platform configuration in eclipse.
  # Add codesource of applet project to classpath.

----

=== 1) Checkout the project ===


The Checkout URL for the doclet project root is:

https://magicapplet.googlecode.com/svn/doclet/trunk/MagicDoclet

----

=== 2) Add tools.jar to your Java Platform configuration in eclipse ===

Goto Global Preferences Page

  # Window -> Preferences
  # Java   -> Installed JREs

Add Tools.jar

  # Select JRE (most likely you only have one)
  # Edit
  # Add External Jar
  # Navigate to eclipse root directory
  # Find and select: *tools.jar*.  It will be in _{jdk_root}\lib\_

On my system I use:

_C:\eclipse09\jdk1.6.0\lib\tools.jar_

You could also use the system JDK, instead of the eclipse one if you have it installed.

=== Attaching Source & Javadocs ===

  # Select tools.jar in the JRE jar list
  # Source Attachment  (Button)
  # Find *src.zip*:  _{jdk1.6.x}/src.zip_
  # Javadoc Attachment (Button)
  # Javadoc in Archive
  # Use *src.zip* again.

----

=== 3) Add source file paths ===

The MagicApplet Project is heavily referenced and has to be attached.  If its incorrect:

  # Project Properties -> Java Build Path
  # Projects (Tab)
  # Add _{MagicApplet project}_

To run the applet, you need to add the source folder location to your run configuration, So it can find the source files to process them.

  # Try to run PanelDoc the project once, you will get errors, but it will create the run configuration
  # Drop down arrow next to the Play Button
  # Run Configurations
  # Find the Run configuration that is being used for the PanelDoc
  # ClassPath (tab)
  # Advanced (button)
  # External Folder (radio)
  # Select _{magic applet project}/src/_

=== 4) Increasing Memory For Doclet Process ===

The Run Configuration may need to be allocated extra memory or the javadoc utility will die as it tries to cache all the class analysis.

  # Open Run Configurations as per last step
  # Variables (tab)
  # VM arguments:

Add two lines:
 {{{
-Xms128m
-Xmx512m
}}}

Increase the Xmx value until the program works (512 works fine for me at the time of this writing).